yo what is up what is going on guys Zach
or moto resistance here welcome back to
another call of duty black ops 3 video
thank you so much for stopping by today
we're going to be talking about is perk
stuff with in black ops 3 how I think
perks are going to work or at least a
system that I think would be pretty cool
to implement into the game now I'm sure
there's already a whole perk system set
up because the game is in a pre alpha
stage now big youtubers have already
played it but I was talking with some
buds the other day about this idea they
thought it was pretty cool I thought it
was pretty cool and so I decided I
wanted to share it with you guys so um
your soldier is a very big part of the
game or at least multiplayer wise you
know you're gonna have this somewhat
exosuit like suit or armor on you I
don't think it's gonna be nearly as
customizable as in like advanced warfare
and obviously it's not an exosuit quote
unquote it doesn't have the same
movement abilities as like advanced
warfare but um what about this so you
think about perks like marathon pro or
dead silence or stuff like that what if
each perk in the game um relates to how
your character looks or what what your
character is built around so say you
know marathon pro this is just a very
out-there sort of wild idea of mine but
like say um say you have marathon pro
your you want marathon as a perk so you
can run faster without having to stop
and have like a cool-down period or
something like lightweight for instance
what if that means that your character
had some sort of a leg upgrade like your
leg armor was um something that made you
run faster or this this sounds very
stupid but I think would be cool the
same time like what if your character
had like prosthetic legs I think that
would be really really cool like you
could tell what perks people were using
just by looking at them in the pregame
lobby you know say that uh you you had
fast hands for instance and you were
able to switch weapons faster and throw
grenades faster um say like you had a
bigger like I guess armor around your
arms your armor was more buff it was
more bulky or underarms you could tell
that people were using fast hands
because of how their character look you
could tell people were using dead
silence or scavenger or hardline because
of how their character looked personally
I think it would be a really really cool
system now a big part of me just wanted
to make this
video because I really wanted to suggest
the idea of having prosthetic legs in
the game because I think that would be
absolutely awesome you know you have a
giant character giant like upper body on
your character and down low it's just a
pair of prosthetic legs that make you
like an all-out superhuman I might look
odd but it would be so awesome in my
opinion but anyways um yeah what if oh I
just thought of this this could be cool
but I wouldn't want it because it be
somewhat frustrating um we all know that
melee is now a two hit kill Khal sex and
tweeted about that the other day 22 hit
melee kill now no more panic knives or
panic punching whatever you like to call
it what if there was a perk that allowed
you to get the chance of a one-hit punch
that just like upgraded your characters
hand armor you're like your fist it just
was bulkier it had like some sharp
things sticking out of it that would be
rather annoying in all honesty like a
Deadeye version of melee did I from
ghosts obviously I think that'd be cool
I wouldn't want it but it still be a
neat idea um this was a strange video to
say the least but nonetheless I hope you
guys enjoyed as always I will catch you
guys next time stay happy stay positive
and have an awesome rest of your day
peace out